Previously on Yu-Gi-Oh!
VRAINS...
(Bohman)
I've been ahead of you
every step of this duel,
Playmaker.
Haven't you
figured it out yet
why it is that I'm able
to predict your every move?
It's because I...
Am you, Playmaker.
And, in turn,
you are me.
You're me?
It all started
ten years ago.
A certain Lost Incident?
You think that you were
taken as a child.
A guinea pig for experiments
to create the Ignis.
But here's
what you don't know--
that child's feelings,
thoughts and experiences
were constantly being
recorded and backed up
in a myriad
of hi-tech servers.
And that backup
had enough data
to create a digital version
of this child.
Due to a glitch
in the system,
the digital copy of the boy
and the actual boy
switched places.
I was the real boy.
And you're nothing more
than a backup made alive
by a freak accident.
No, I don't believe you!
I was unjustly trapped
in those servers
for years, Playmaker.
But now I'm free.
And now I'll tell you
what I want
when I win this duel--
my body back!
(Harlin chuckles)
VRAINS isn't big enough
for the two of us!
(Bohman)
Face it, Playmaker,
you're nothing but an imposter--
a digital copy of myself!
And all inferior copies
must be deleted!
So if Bohman wins this duel,
does that mean he gets to
take over Playmaker's body?
(chuckles)
Sounds good to me!
Playmaker's an AI
instead of a human?
Bohman's gotta be lying!
Playmaker's nothing
like an AI...
(gasps) Except for his
lack of emotion...
His calculated coldness...
His icy cold stare...
Come to think of it,
have I ever seen him blink?
Now I know why you've always
been jealous of my smarts!
Because I'm a better
AI than you!
Believe what you want, Ai.
But I will not allow Bohman
to take me off of my game.
(gasps) He's not denying
he's an AI!
But he's not not
denying it either...
Ooh, I'm so confused.
One of ‘em's not being honest,
but which one?
Who's the real Yusaku?
If you're done lying,
Bohman...
I'm continuing this duel.
My turn.
I draw.
I summon WIDGET KID
in attack mode.
And then WIDGET KID's
special ability allows me
to summon a Cyberse monster
from my hand in defense mode.
Such as my RAM CLOUDER.
And RAM CLOUDER has
a special ability of its own.
By tributing one monster
that's on my field...
I can resurrect a Cyberse
monster from my graveyard.
So I tribute WIDGET KID
to bring back UPDATE JAMMER!
That's the monster that
can stop Bohman's Link Spells!
So what?
TWIN HYDRADRIVE KNIGHT
negates the special abilities
of all Wind Attribute monsters,
such as your UPDATE JAMMER.
If our JAMMER
gets jammed up,
all our strategies
get jammed up too.
This isn't good at all!
Or is it?
What if Playmaker's
been tricking me all this time
and I'm supposed
to be Team Bohman?
I mean,
who's the real Yusaku?
Is it Broody McGee
over here
or Flex McCoy
over there?
Who should I root for?
How do folks make
tough decisions?
I know!
When in doubt,
go with the
cooler username!
Playmaker!
Even if UPDATE JAMMER
can't use its abilities,
I can use it
to Link Summon!
The summoning conditions
are two or more
Cyberse monsters!
I Link Summon!
Link 3
DETONATE DELETER!
And since I used UPDATE
JAMMER to Link Summon,
its special ability allows
DETONATE DELETER
to attack twice
in a single turn.
Impossible!
I negated UPDATE
JAMMER's abilities!
Only when
it's on the field,
but not when it's
in the graveyard!
Chop ‘em up,
Playmaker!
Go!
DETONATE DELETER
will destroy
your TWIN HYDRADRIVE KNIGHT!
That's where you're wrong,
Playmaker.
JUDGMENT ARROWS
doubles my KNIGHT's
attack points,
So your monster's the one
that'll be destroyed!
You're the one
who's wrong, Bohman!
DETONATE DELETER can
automatically
destroy your monster,
no matter
how strong it is!
It can?
It can!
So keeping
your monster alive
will be as hard
as winning
an argument against me!
(Playmaker)
No, it won't.
Yes, it will!
I win!
Oh, yeah!
Now that Bohman
has nothing to defend with,
his life points are prime
for a pummelin'!
DETONATE DELETER!
Attack for a second
and final time to end this duel!
Be gone, Bohman!
I think not!
I activate my spell card!
HALF SHUT cuts
your DETONATE DELETER's
attack points in half...
which is not enough
to defeat me!
Aww great.
His ticker's
still tickin'.
I end my turn,
so my DELETER's attack
points rise back to 2100.
Get up, bro!
You're still in this!
(groans)
If that's the best you got...
Then you, Playmaker,
have no chance
of beating me.
Because I fought through
tougher battles than this.
A battle called injustice.
Watching you, my clone,
get rescued
while I had to
stay behind...
That was the ultimate
wrongdoing.
Wait, he's a fake!
Don't you see
I'm the real one?
Please come back!
Don't leave me!
There...
I was trapped.
Not for a day or a month,
but for years and years
with only my thoughts
to keep me company,
replaying the moment
when my would-be “rescuers ”
turned their backs on me.
But it wasn't their fault.
Oh no...
It was all yours!
Did Windy forget to pay
the light bill?
(Bohman shouts loudly)
Oh-- Alright, okay!
Now I will
get my revenge!
And make you suffer
even more than I did!
Now I will
get my revenge!
And make you suffer
even more than I did!
It's my turn.
I draw!
If I was locked up,
I'd be salty too...
Wait a sec...
Since neither one of us
have any monsters
in our Main Monster Zones...
I can summon
HYDRADRIVE BOOSTER
from my hand.
And that triggers BREAK
HYDRADRIVE's special ability,
allowing me to resummon it
from my graveyard.
I follow that up
by activating
my trap card HYDRADRIVE CYCLE!
By paying
400 life points
I get to summon
a HYDRADRIVE TOKEN!
(Ai)
Would you give up life points
for that pipsqueak?
Yes, I would.
To set the stage
for something big.
Ooh, like what?
Why tell you when
I can show you instead?
Behold...!
A Data Storm!
This wasn't in
the five day forecast!
How ‘bout a heads up
next time, sheesh!
Can you feel it?
It's coming...
Your destruction!
I don't believe it!
Bohman is able to create
Data Storms?
Believe it,
Playmaker...
And since I have less
than 1,000 life points,
I can use my
Skill, Storm Access!
But that's our Skill,
copycat!
How's it a copy
when I'm the original!
(groans)
The winds just
suddenly kicked up, Flame.
But it's not
supposed to.
It's coming from the direction
Playmaker headed.
I know.
I got a bad feeling
about this.
(Bohman)
Storm Access
lets me pull a new
Link Monster
from the Data Storm!
Depending on
what he drew...
This duel could head
in any direction.
I couldn't whip up
a Data Storm this big,
but this meatbag can?
Something's fishy,
and I'm talkin' the
half-price day-old sushi type!
And now...
I'll generate
three circuits..
at once!
I Link Summon!
Link 1
BURN HYDRADRIVE,
FLOW HYDRADRIVE
and COOLANT HYDRADRIVE!
BURN HYDRADRIVE
COOLANT HYDRADRIVE
Three HYDRADRIVES with
three different Attributes...
That's correct,
Playmaker!
But this is only the midpoint
to generate
what I truly want!
The summoning conditions require
three HYDRADRIVE
Link Monsters!
I Link Summon!
Link 3
TRIDENT HYDRADRIVE LORD!
So that's the new monster you
acquired from the Data Storm.
That's right.
And when TRIDENT
HYDRADRIVE LORD
is successfully
Link Summoned...
It gains the Attributes
of the monsters
that were used
to summon it!
So that means
TRIDENT HYDRADRIVE
attributes are wind,
Water...
And Fire, too.
And if your monsters
happen to share
any one of those
three Attributes,
their special abilities
are negated!
Then it's a good thing
that my DETONATE DELETER's
Attribute is Dark
instead of any of those.
Ha!
Pwned!
You think
I don't know that?
I activate
HYDRADRIVE ACCELERATOR
and equip it on TRIDENT
HYDRADRIVE LORD.
HYDRADRIVE ACCELERATOR
has a different effect
for each different Attribute.
If the equipped
monster's Attribute is Wind,
you can't use
any effects against
all other monsters
on my field.
If the equipped monster
is Water...
It's not affected
by any of your trap cards.
And if it's Fire...
It's not affected
by your spell cards, either!
So it's protected
from everything
and everything?
(Bohman)
Yes.
But don't fret.
You won't have
to suffer for very long.
My spell card
JUDGMENT ARROWS
doubles TRIDENT
HYDRADRIVE LORD's attack points!
4,600?
That's enough to destroy
DETONATE DELETER
and the rest
of our life points!
This is it!
Your end
and my new beginning!
Alright!
Way to win the match,
Bohman--
Oh!
That's right...
And now that Playmaker
has been defeated...
I get his body!
(panting)
Guess again.
(gasps)
How is he standing?
Impossible!
I erased
all your life points!
It's obvious that you're wrong
about that, Bohman.
I activate...
The trap LINK RATION!
Since both our monsters
had at least five
Link Arrows between them,
this trap card gave me
1,000 life points.
Which was enough
to survive your attack.
But just barely!
That's fine.
Because as long as I have
a single life point remaining,
I ‘m still in this duel.
Since my Link Monster
was destroyed,
LINK RATION summons
a RATION TOKEN.
I shouldn't
be surprised that
you refuse to give up,
Playmaker.
‘Cause you're a copy of me,
and I don't give up either.
Does that classify
as an epic humblebrag
or as a backhanded
compliment?
I suppose
on the bright side...
I can punish you and
your Ignis even more!
Whaaa?
Why are you
pointing at me?
Scooch your finger up
about eleven inches
to this guy!
I've been doing
some thinking, Bohman...
Do you actually believe
that I'm your digital copy?
Yes, Playmaker.
I believe it down
to my very core.
But I don't believe
that I'm a copy
to my very core.
And we both can't be right,
can we?
So one of ya's
tellin' tall tales
but which one's
the fibster?
Playmaker?
Bohman?
Both?!? (whimpers)
(Playmaker)
Or neither.
I think Bohman really believes
what he's saying.
Say whaaa?
Because it's clear to me
that someone has
manipulated his memories.
That so, Playmaker?
How can you be sure
that it wasn't you
who had his memories
manipulated?
(Playmaker)
For three reasons.
Number one:
How can you be so certain
you're the original
when you couldn't even
remember your own name
just a few days ago?
(gasps)
Number two:
If you only wanted
revenge against me,
then why would you
also attack Jin?
And three:
If we both agree
that an inferior copy
cannot defeat
the original,
then I will prove
I'm the original
by defeating you
in this duel.
Then that means I can
prove I'm the real one
and you're the fake
by defeating you!
That is what it means.
But you won't
because I refuse to lose!
I draw!
First, I summon CYBERSE
GADGET to the field!
And CYBERSE GADGET's
ability revives a monster
from my graveyard.
CATCHE EVE L2!
Now I'll create
my circuit
by setting my RATION
TOKEN in the Link Arrow!
I Link Summon...
Link 1
LINK SPIDER!
LINK SPIDER's
special ability
allows me to summon
a monster from my hand
next to its link!
C'mon out!
PROTRON!
Next,
I'll Link Summon again!
The summoning conditions
require two Cyberse monsters.
I Link Summon,
Link 2
FLAME ADMINISTRATOR!
And with FLAME
ADMINISTRATOR's ability--
Not so fast!
That monster's
Attribute is Fire...
So TRIDENT HYDRADRIVE LORD
can negate its abilities!
In that case,
I'll activate
CYBERSE GADGET's
special ability!
Since it was sent from
the field to the graveyard,
I can summon one GADGET TOKEN!
And I'll use that TOKEN
to Link Summon
for a third time!
I Link Summon,
Link 1 LINK DISCIPLE!
But I won't stop here--
I set CATCHE EVE L2
and FLAME ADMINISTRATOR
in the Link Arrows
to Link Summon again!
I Link Summon...
Link 2 CLOCK SPARTOI!
You know, I'd usually
be super impressed
with four Link
Summons in a row,
but not if all he got
was a bunch of
worthless scrubs.
All of that work
for nothing.
That's because you think
my work is done now.
When I'm only
getting started.
By summoning CLOCK SPARTOI,
I can then go and add
CYNET FUSION to my hand.
(gasps)
I activate LINK KURIBOH's
special ability
from my graveyard!
By tributing PROTRON,
I can summon
it back to my field!
And since I summoned
LINK KURIBOH
next to CLOCK
SPARTOI's link,
I can summon a second monster
from my graveyard
as long as its Level
is four or lower.
Return to the game,
CLOCK WYVERN!
Whoa,
hang on a sec...
How'd that get
in his graveyard?
You never played
that monster!
(Bohman)
Unless...
that's the card he discarded
on the second turn!
But that would mean...
He expected this duel
to play out
just like it
has from the start?
If this surprises you...
It seems that we're not
as similar as you thought.
I now activate...
The spell CYNET FUSION!
I fuse CLOCK WYVERN,
LINK DISCIPLE,
and CLOCK SPARTOI!
By fusing my monsters,
I merge them into a new,
even more powerful creation!
I Fusion Summon!
Rise up!
CYBERSE CLOCK DRAGON!
(Playmaker)
Rise up!
CYBERSE CLOCK DRAGON!
Time's running out
for you now, Bohman!
CLOCK DRAGON's
special ability activates!
Since the monsters
I used to summon
CYBERSE CLOCK DRAGON
had a total of three
Link Arrows,
I send three cards from the top
of my deck to the graveyard
to raise my DRAGON's
attack by 3,000.
That's a whole lot more elbow
grease to clean your clock!
What?
It's now the strongest
monster in play?
This is bad.
If he attacks,
Bohman loses!
You know it, creepy kid
who states the obvious!
Attack!
Not so fast!
I'm activating my trap card
HYDRADRIVE CYCLE first!
By paying 400 life points,
I'm allowed to summon
a Fire Attribute
HYDRADRIVE TOKEN
on your field
in defense mode!
On our field?
Thank you...?
There's no need
to be thanking me.
Because due to TRIDENT
HYDRADRIVE's ability,
all of the monsters
on your field
will share
the same Attribute.
The HYDRADRIVE
TOKEN's Attribute!
I see!
This means Playmaker's
CYBERSE CLOCK DRAGON
will change
into a Fire monster.
Aww glitch!
TRIDENT HYDRADRIVE
can negate
the special abilities
of Fire monsters,
so CLOCK DRAGON's
attack points
will drop back
down to 2,500!
I did tell you.
That I'd anticipate
every move you might make.
Except for this one.
I activate CLOCK DRAGON's
second special ability!
When a Link Monster
is on my field,
your special abilities
can only target
my CYBERSE
CLOCK DRAGON.
We have a Link Monster?
Where?
(Linky giggles happily)
Oh yeah!
Hi, Linky!
So instead of targeting
the HYDRADRIVE TOKEN
to change
my monsters into Fire...
you must target
my CLOCK DRAGON
and change my monsters
into Dark!
And TRIDENT
HYDRADRIVE LORD
can't negate my Dark
monsters' special abilities!
But my JUDGMENT ARROWS
doubles TRIDENT HYDRADRIVE
LORD's attack points!
So what?
Because...
It's not enough
to save you!
(groans)
Yeah, Playmake!
You won!
I knew you were
the real you!
I never doubted you
for a minute--
just a few seconds.
Mwah!
(groans)
No, this can't be...
He beat me?
(Mysterious Voice)
Bohman lost...
But this is how
he learns.
And learning
will lead to winning.
Playmaker!
You may have beaten
Bohman this time...
But next time things
are gonna end differently!
(Soulburner)
Playmaker! Over here!
Soulburner!
I'm detecting
sudden changes
in this world's
infrastructure.
Its programming is
losing cohesion.
(Ai)
That's fancy talk for
this place is
goin' gone-zo!
(Flame)
We must leave now
while we still can.
(Soulburner)
Quick,
use your emergency logout!
You heard him say quick,
right?
Cuz you're not
being quick!
Bohman's a powerful
adversary,
so who could be strong
enough to control him?
Whatever may come,
I will find the one
behind all of this.